Two sisters from Oklahoma and Nebraska missing for nearly two weeks in Michigan
survived on girl scout cookies while stuck in their snow-trapped Suv until
state police discovered them Friday near Lake Superior in a remote part of the
upper peninsula . A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford explorer and landed
the police helicopter on shore , finally ending the women 's unexpected
wilderness adventure . Leslie Roy , 52 , and Lee Marie Wright , 56 , were
examined at a hospital and released . ` It was sheer joy , ' detective SGT
. Jeff Marker told the Associated Press , describing their reaction to the
rescue . ` It was almost disbelief that it was finally happening . ' Alive !
Lee Wright -LRB- left -RRB- , and Leslie Roy -LRB- right -RRB- are pictured
eating and keeping warm in state police coats after they had spent two weeks
stuck in their disabled SUV in Michigan . Roy , of Valley , Nebraska , and
Wright of depew , Oklahoma , got stuck about three miles from crisp point
lighthouse in Luce county in the upper peninsula . They had been visiting
relatives in Ishpeming , in another part of the peninsula , and were planning
to head South April 11 . They had a reservation at a hotel in mackinaw city but
never showed up . Instead , they were entombed in snow on a remote used road
with eight boxes of girl scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of
cheese puffs , marker said . ` They thought the road was plowed but it was n't
, ' he said . There is no cellphone service in the area . The car eventually
lost power , too . Roy and Wright wore layers of clothes to stay warm as
overnight temperatures fell to the 20s , and they also turned snow into water
. ` They heard crunching in the woods at night , ' Marker said . ` They thought
it was rescuers but no one came . Then they thought it was bears . ' When the
search began , police said the women had told others about possibly visiting
waterfalls and casinos on their way to the lower peninsula . Their Ford
Explorer was spotted from a helicopter around 2.30 pm , police said . About 25
minutes later , police officers who were called to the scene reached the car on
foot . ' When we pulled up , they grabbed their purses and Lee Wright clutched
onto her Bible and both women were very happy , ' Marker told mlive.com . ' It
was hugs all around . ' Road trip : Roy -LRB- left -RRB- , 52 , and Wright
-LRB- right -RRB- , 56 , had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming , Michigan ,
when on April 11 their Ford Explorer got trapped in snow on a little-used road
. Life Savers : the women survived by rationing eight boxes of girl scout
cookies , a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow . The women were transported to
Helen Newberry Joy Hospital to be checked by doctors . A photo of Roy and
Wright showed them eating food and keeping warm in state police coats after the
rescue . ` They 're walking . ... They 're alive and well , just a little weak
from being stuck for a couple weeks , ' said SGT . Brent Rosten , of the
Michigan State Police . The women 's relatives were ecstatic to receive the
good news Friday . ' My mom and aunt Leslie have been found , and they are
alive and well , thank God ! ' Wright 's daughter , Stacy calvin-lowe , wrote
on facebook Friday . ' Everyone that help us search , everyone that prayed ,
everyone that supported us , from the depths of my heart , thank you ! ' I am
so thankful , and overwhelmed with joy , I ca n't stop crying ! I ca n't wait
to see my momma , I ca n't wait to tell her I love her ! ! I am incredibly
happy !
